# Benfords-Law
These are the instructions on how to run the program. The following files must be placed in specific folders in the project folder so that the program runs properly. Make sure you have JDK 11 installed on VSCode. As well, make sure you have JavaFX installed on your computer and remember the file path for later. For VSCode, make sure you have the extensions: JavaFX Support, and optionally, FXML Viewer. For VSCode, create a project folder by doing Ctrl + Shift + P and typing in "Create Java Project", select No Build Tools, and place the folder in a location you want. When the project folder is created, click the 'src' folder and run App.java. This will make 'JAVA PROJECTS' show up on the left hand side. Click it and then go to 'Referenced Libraries' and click '+'. Go to where you put the JavaFX folder, click 'lib' and select all the JAR files (There should be 8) and click 'Select Jar Libraries'. To make JavaFX work properly you need to edit your project .json file. To access it, click 'Run' at the top and click 'Add Configurations'. From here add the following in **bolded text** after "ProjectName: (...)" **"vmArgs": "--module-path (file path to JavaFX\\lib) --add-modules javafx.controls,javafx.fxml"** For the file path, type out the file path to the JavaFX 'lib' file. For example **"D:\\\Desktop\\\javafx-sdk-11.0.2\\\lib"**.  Now take the files from the git repositories and place them in their respective folders. For App.java, DistributionChart.fxml, Mainframe.java, and sales.csv, place them in the 'src' folder. If you want to run the program now, go to App.java and run the program.
